Remove quotes around code spans 1 (#35992)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/xslt/element/text/index.md

### Optional Attributes

- `disable-output-escaping`

  - : Specifies whether special characters are escaped when written to the output. The available values are `yes` or `no`. If `yes` is set, for example, the character `>` is output as `>`, not as `&gt;`.

    > [!NOTE]

>     > Netscape does not serialize the result of transformation - the "output" below - so this attribute is essentially irrelevant in context. To output html-entities, use numerical values instead, eg `&#160;` for `&nbsp;`

Reviewer: This is probably not relevant since a long time, it might be better to make a minor edit:

```suggestion
    > Older browsers may not serialize the result of transformation (the "output" below), making this attribute irrelevant in such contexts. To output HTML entities, use numerical values instead, e.g., `&#160;` for `&nbsp;`.
```
